---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/dfma/magic/avabella-magic-2/"}
---

### ✦ Magic Name: White Phoenix 
Overall place in type triad: Offense
Elemental Properties: Fire
#### ¶ Description
Avabella Hawthorne is regarded as the current master, or the only living person close to being considered such, of the Hawthorne wyrgcræft (literally "cursed skill", though it could also be translated as "hidden skill",) Arcana Augere. 
The focus of this technique is to remove a psychosomatic limiter on the heart, or the Anahata chakra, which of course acts as the center of a human magi's arcane system. Once this is removed, the magi can take full control. Summarized, this allows them to pressurize their system such that mana erupts from their body and forms an aura around them. 
Manipulating and using this aura is the foundation of Augere magic. While learning the technique, several principles are learned which help to build this foundation. They are listed here, in the order in which they're learned.

> [!example]- The Principles
> The first and most important of the Principles is **Regulation**, allowing the aura to be bound and contained. Without it, all of the user's mana would be lost to the atmosphere. As **Regulation** is improved, less and less will be lost. Avabella has the most refined **Regulation** of any Augere user alive.
> The second is **Suppression**, the ability to stop the flow of mana from part of the body, to increase the flow elsewhere. Next to be learned is the ability to shut off the aura and contain it fully.
> **Enhancement** is the last to be learned. This is the ability to increase the flow of aura, first from a specific body part then, learned next, from the whole body. 

Spells now both require and use a certain amount of "arcane Pressure" of which Avabella can handle twelve "levels". Spells will require a minimum pressure to initiate. Then, after or during casting, they will consume a certain number of levels.
This pressure gets generated by the heart every turn according to the "Gear" it is in. Avabella has four of these, listed here.

> [!example]- Anahata Gears
> - **Gear 0**: Pressure will not increase, Heat will decrease by 1 every turn.
> - **Gear 1**: Pressure +1, Heat will not increase. 
> - **Gear 2**: Pressure +2, Heat +1. 
> - **Gear 3**: Pressure +3, Heat +2. In this Gear, Avabella's blood vessels visibly bulge beneath her skin.

While above Gear 1, Avabella will generate a certain amount of Heat. This is an indicator of how much stress her body is under. Each turn, every level beyond 2 will drain her stamina further, and every level beyond 6 will deal increasing damage to her body. The highest Heat level she can withstand is 9; at level 10, Arcana Augere will immediately end. She will not be able to use it again until she fully recovers.


#### ¶ Techniques

**» Blazing Aura** (Defense, Passive | Fire)
> **Occupies three mainline slots.**
> **Blazing aura** is an adaptation of Arcana Augere developed by Avabella. The aura is transmuted into fire. This acts as a passive layer of defense of course, but improves the efficiency of her spells by allowing her to use the aura as a fire source. By adding this onto her excellent **Regulation**, she has made the passive mana loss of Augere irrelevant. In this aspect, she has perfected Augere magic.
> As arcane Pressure increases, her aura will increase in intensity until it burns white at level 12. Extends .3m around her body passively.
> 
> **µ Kickstart** (Self | Fire)
>> This can only be used when she first activates Arcana Augere. Upon activating Augere, she can choose whether or not to use **Kickstart**. This allows her to begin with level 4 Pressure instantly, at the cost of instantly creating 5 levels of Heat. 
>
> **µ Envelopment** (Support | Fire)
>> Requires level 4 Pressure to activate, consumes 2 per turn. Can be activated for as much time as Ava desires, including being pulsed. No matter how briefly, it will always consume 2 levels on activation.
>> Forgoes the passive defense and offensive-efficiency utility her aura normally provides to, instead, spread it into a 6m diameter sphere around her. Being spread so thin, it can't burn anything. Instead, Ava can sense any magical thing within the bounds of the sphere so long as **Envelopment** is active.
>
> **µ Feohte wiþ þone Dracan** (Offense, Passive | Fire) (or "Fight with the Dragon")
>> Requires level 8 Pressure to activate, consumes 1 per turn. Generates extra level of heat every other turn. Is disabled for three turns after being deactivated, but can be activated instantly.
>> Based off of **Enhancement**, Ava's aura increases in size and intensity, and now passively extends 1m from her body. Her aura control grows considerably; mana efficiency rises further. The range in which she can control the aura is now 3m; it's power in cqc skyrockets. She can now use it to extend the reach of her hits and shape it into additional limbs, for multiple purposes.
>
> **µ Fire Soul** (Offense | Fire)
>> Single target, must be charged for 2 turns during which she must keep the target in line of sight. Requires 6 levels of Pressure, consumes 4. Ava cannot use other spells while charging.
>> Creates a spiraling beam of fire 1m in diameter, which pursues the target relentlessly until it either hits or is destroyed.
>
> **µ Phoenix Flower Burst** (Offense | Fire)
>> Requires level 4 Pressure, consumes 4.
>> Using her aura as the source she creates 4 fireballs, each the size of a basketball. They'll spin around her idly, where she can fire them at will. Upon coming within 1m of an enemy target or hitting a surface, they'll explode with a radius of 2m. Only four may exist at a time.
>
> **µ Phoenix Song** (Offense | Fire)
>> Requires level 2 Pressure, consumes 2.
>> Combining **Suppression** and **Enhancement**, Ava concentrates her aura into her lungs. The aura will disappear externally, as all of it is instead forced into her lungs. Her chest will visibly expand, before she unleashes a fire breath attack. She can focus it as she wills, either attacking a large area (6m long, 6m wide cone) or creating a highly pressurized stream of fire (10m long, 1m wide cone.) 
>> This attack can be used multiple times in rapid succession, but will be disabled for 3 turns after she stops concentrating her aura into her lungs.
>
>**µ Phoenix Power: Deflect** (Defense | Fire) 
>> Requires level 6 Pressure, consumes 2. Creates an extra level of Heat on use. Disabled for 4 turns after use.
>> Combining **Suppression** and **Enhancement**, Ava seals her aura within before releasing it from one of her limbs, creating an explosion. She can use this to deflect most attacks, regardless of type or element; though element *will* still be a factor generally, because of the sheer concussive force produced, it plays less of a role. It should be noted, **Deflect** has strict timing requirements on its use. If timed even slightly wrong it has the chance to fail. 